Dog, you're a dog.
Everybody do the dog.
Double-munched pincers, big ol' picanese,
Cooke-cully bulldog, great hearing aids.
Chase the car, there you are, sleeping at the clock.
Waiting for the cable man and chasing the clock.
Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.
Minitou snows on deep dog spit,
Lost off the food on Chihuahua map stiff,
Labrador retrieval, Whippet Harrier,
Chitsuit, Chow-chow, Voxteria.
Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woo
Doberman pincher, beagle picker knees,
Cookie Collie bulldog, great pyramid.
Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo.
Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo.
Saturday night has arrived.
And Saturday night belongs to Snake.
Last night, Lisa Watson got higher than she's ever been.
And the only thing she took was first place.
Order made in America or Rising Sun on Time Warner
home theater pay-per-view and you could win a free issue of Vibe magazine just by
sending in the coupon from the back of your January pay-per-view guide. 1,000
entries selected at random receive a free issue of Vibe. The magazine conceived
by musical innovator Quincy Jones. Order made in America or Rising Sun on Time
Warner Home Theater and check out Vibe magazine.
You get this!
Steal home-dome from Skechers Sport Utility Footwear
What's Hot? What's Not. What's Hot? What's Not. What's Hot? Instant Quaker Oatmeal
What's Not. All these cold cereals. What's Hot? Energy, steam and strong, power packed. What's Hot?
You are living hot, playing hot with this complete breakfast. What's Hot?
Flavors like hot apples and cinnamon and hot maple and brown sugar. What's Hot?
What's Not. Hot. Not. Instant Quaker Oatmeal. What's Hot?
Mr. Bucket. That's right. I'm Mr. Bucket. I'm Mr. Bucket.
Push your balls in my top by Mr. Bucket. Out of my mouth I will pop by Mr. Bucket.
We're all going to run by Mr. Bucket.
The game's Mr. Bucket. The first to get their balls in and Mr. Bucket wins but look out
because the balls will pop out of his mouth. I'm Mr. Bucket. The balls pop out of my mouth. I'm Mr. Bucket.
We're all going to run by Mr. Bucket. Mr. Bucket. Mr. Bucket. Mr. Bucket.
Mr. Bucket from Milton Bradley.
Finally graduate. You get thrown into this place they call the real world.
Hey, where are we living now? The unreal world? And what is this real world really like?
Here's what I've learned so far after completing a comprehensive study.
In the unreal world, lame excuses can get you in only so much trouble.
Sorry I don't have my homework. My dog ate it?
Your dog, huh? Just make sure you get it here tomorrow.
While in the real world, lame excuses can get you in real trouble.
I'm sorry I don't have the quarterly report. My dog ate it? Your dog, huh?
You're fired.
On the other hand, rewards in the unreal world tend to be more, well, intangible.
Very nice work. Here you are, the regal stars and the spiral banks.
Thanks. But in the real world, the rewards are something you can bank on.
Very nice work. Here you are, your year-end bonus.
Thanks. Do you get thrown into the real world? I want to be real ready.
That's why I'm checking it out now. I've just signed up to be an intern.
You know, working for someone who works for a living?
I like to think of it as a real-world field trip.
Unreal world? Eat my dust.
It could be a great way to get a head start on a career.
What were your top three choices?
Number one, windsurfing instructor. Good hours that gets you outdoors.
Plus, it's a guaranteed babe magnet.
Noble motives? What's next?
Radio DJ.
Really?
Sure, why not?
Hey everybody, it's two hips and the wild man.
Only on WBAM, bam, the future of rock and roll.
Sounds cool. What's your third choice?
Comic book artist.
Very cool. Hey, isn't comic book artist the one you want the most?
Yeah, that's why I put it at number three. I'll never get my first choice.
What about you?
I think I covered all my bases. The morning dispatch, the evening standard or the weekly register.
Why intern for a local newspaper when you're already editor of the school newspaper?
Expansion, Sam. I think news is the field I really want to be in.
Mom, I've been going to Stan since I was five years old, and he always gives me the same haircut.
Well, Stan's a great barber, but he still gives me a lollipop.
Oh, they never complain.
Hi, Samuel.
Hi, Mrs. Darling.
Mom, what's going on?
Ferguson wants a new barber.
Not a barber, Mom. A stylist.
Okay, Ferguson. Who did you have in mind?
Well, actually, I was thinking of Pierre Lapeep.
Pierre Lapeep? A haircut there must cost $50.
Uh, actually $75, but it's worth every penny.
$75? Stan can give you ten haircuts for that.
A word to the wise, Mom. You get what you pay for.
Well, then you can pay for it.
But I give you $75 for a haircut. That's it.
Oh, Mom.
Just think. Someday Ferguson will be interning for someone, too.
Someone will teach him to fine-tune his craft, become master of his trade.
All he has to do is find a professional dweeb.
Okay. Sam's on his way over.
We decided to go pick up our intern assignments together.
I have a feeling mine's going to have something to do with the news.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Let's go.
Can't wait to find out what kind of intern I'm about to be.
No need. I have our assignments right here.
How'd you get these?
I sweet-talk them out of Mrs. Waldo in the front office.
You dog.
Here, Ms. Darling, in connection with blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Excellent.
Good.
I got my first choice. This is so cool.
I'm interning at the Daily Dispatch in the sports division
with the senior sports columnist, a guy named Arnie Anders.
Arnie Anders?
Sam, that's my dad.
This is great.
Isn't this great?
Well, uh, great's a big word, Clarissa.
My dad, well, he's a lot like my dad.
Don't worry, Sam. This'll be cool.
I mean, he's not my dad.
And I won't have to spend time getting to know him
so I can just concentrate on doing my job.
Yeah.
So, uh, what's your internship?
Dear Mr. Anders, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Skip the blah parts.
Excellent.
First choice?
Better, third.
They couldn't get a comic with Gartis.
But they got a draftsman.
I guess that's okay.
What kind of draftsman?
Hey, Sam, guess what?
The Westside Chamber of Commerce just called
and it looks like, uh, you're my intern.
This is amazing.
Yeah, it's really amazing.
This'll be great, all right?
Well, I gotta get my studio ready for my first apprentice.
Sam, I'm going to take you
on an awesome trip through the world of architecture.
Um, gee, thanks.
You're interning for my dad?
It'll be great.
Will it be great?
Yeah, sure.
Ferguson, what have you got in your hair?
Oh, it's moisturizing elixir
from the Yaha Joby Plan of Southern Nepal.
Oh, yeah, it smells like compost.
Where'd you get this stuff?
I got it from Pierre Lapeeps.
I went there for my free consultation.
Free?
Absolutely.
Well, I had to pay for the condition.
How much?
Ten bucks.
But Pierre says that if I deep condition now,
my follicles will be at optimum hair-cutting diameter
in three days.
Uh-huh, I see.
And just how are you going to pay for the haircut?
Details, Mom, details.
Ferguson, if you're brainwashing yourself,
you might want to set it on light load.
Funny, sis.
We can't all have lustrous Auburn dresses, can we?
Guess not.
But then again, I don't have to worry about premature
male pattern of baldness caused by over-conditioning.
She's got a point, Ferguson.
Uh, I think I'm going to go rinse this stuff off now.
Oh, so, Corsa, are you ready for your internship?
I think so.
But actually, I'm more worried about Dad getting ready.
Your father, why?
Well, I'm more worried about him getting too ready.
And have you seen my slide rule?
I mean, not the one I'm holding, obviously.
But the other one that looks like this one,
except it's got the red markings in the back.
Never mind. This is the one.
Thank you.
I think I see what you mean.
Just a little over-organized.
Are you worried about Sam?
A little.
I'll try to talk to him.
Thanks, Mom.
Well, I hope Sam has fun.
As for me, I'm totally psyched about
getting into a real newspaper.
I mean, the school paper is great,
but it still feels like practice.
Who will the real thing feel like?
I would give anything to be a real reporter.
The governor.
That's right.
Tell him Scoop Darling's on the line.
He'll take the call, all right?
Yeah, hold.
I'll put down a finnigan.
She never gets a story.
Not before the deadline.
You're wrong.
It's impossible, I tell you.
Not even for Scoop.
Quiet, boys. Quiet.
Governor Winthorpe?
Scoop Darling ain't a reporter here.
And P.U., do you smell that?
No?
Well, it's a stench of scandal, Governor.
Tell him, Scoop.
Look, tomorrow we're printing the story
that tells the story, the whole story.
And there's nothing you or your goons could do
to stop it now.
Wow, jeez, that's where I'm all.
But before it's all over,
there is one more thing you can do.
Pardon Melvin Schultz.
He's innocent and you know it.
If not for yourself, for Zelda.
Don't you want people to hear
your side of the story, Governor?
Keep talking, Governor.
Well, it looks like I got my story, boys.
The governor just confessed to bribery,
tax evasion, and 19 ticket violations.
Pay up.
This internship could be cool.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna do a killer job
and you can bet on it.
I thought I would show up at the dispatch early,
start my internship.
But it turns out Arnie spends his work days at home.
I just hope he remembers I start today.
Anybody home?
It certainly doesn't look like anybody's here.
No cleaning lady, that's for sure.
Yuck.
I don't think I want to know what that is.
He knows nothing.
This is some internship.
I didn't mean to barge in, but...
Clarissa, hi.
Ah, welcome to the newspaper business.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Got a flash.
Don't, uh, move.
You've got to write down the ideas when you get them.
Otherwise, you'll never get them down at all.
Do you want me to write that down for you?
No.
Uh, don't write my ideas.
Just keep track of your own.
Well, don't you think a reporter's notebook would come in handy?
I always lose those things.
Napkins, somehow, I seem to hold on to.
Egg roll!
Breakfast of champions.
Real brain food, Clarissa.
Want some?
Nothing.
Do you mind if I ask you something?
Not at all.
A good reporter should ask away.
Um, well, what were you doing sleeping behind the door?
If I teach you nothing else in this internship,
I will teach you to sleep standing up.
Best skill any journalist can have.
And anybody who tells you different is a hack.
No kidding.
Actually, I am kidding.
Whoa!
It's the alarm clock.
I usually wake myself,
but a good newsman never takes chances.
Well, don't you want to turn the alarm off?
Yes, right. Good.
You're my intern. Help me find it.
Okay.
We've got some work to do.
Great.
Say, listen, uh,
you may be way ahead of me on this,
but I've got this idea.
Have you ever thought of using your computer?
That crazy contraption the newspaper gave to me
makes me nervous just to look at it.
But don't you think it could help you get, you know,
organized?
Getting organized.
Great idea, Clarissa.
That can be your job.
I want you to take all the stuff that I do
and organize it.
I've got it.
Organize this mess?
Something tells me I may have bitten off more than I can chew.
More Clarissa.
More Snick. After this.
The ultimate Nickelodeon guts challenge.
The radical rock, the aggro crag.
Now, bigger, meaner, and more mountainous than ever.
Watch Nick put kids on the crag.
Every weekday at 5.30, 4.30 central, only on Nick.
Kids, we just want to have fun.
The kids love kids to a big case number one.
The Burger King kids fun.
They're cool to be a kid.
Now at Burger King, you'll make a starling discovery.
Introducing dinocrawlers.
Dinosaurs that crawl were just about anything.
You can collect all five, one with every kid's meal.
Only at Burger King, more than dinocrawlers are coming your way.
The Burger King kids club. I love this place.
Teen by success, the turtles lost their savage edge.
Greed is dead.
It's a new breed carved from the streets.
Concrete fist, batter, alien flesh.
One on one as power joins forces with rage.
Ripping through fear, and no one sheds a tear
for mutilated mutants.
Giant warriors crushed by three-cup turtles
who have shed soft shells for a high dose of reality.
Economic tournament fighters.
If a hurricane threatened us, we'd protect our families.
While a storm of murder and violence is hitting our city,
and it's time for action.
One, I'll fight for a walk that any criminal
convicted of free violent crime goes to jail for life.
No parole, free strikes, you're out.
Two, I'll take cops out from behind the desk
and put them on the street.
I'll be a mayor fighting on your side.
Shoulder mounted.
It weighs just four pounds.
But it's the most powerful weapon this individual learns to use.
Because this weapon is the mind of a Marine.
From the great state of Louisiana, I'm Marine Corporal Clark.
Maybe you can be one of us.
Okay, remember the real world?
Well, it's pretty unreal.
How have things been going so far?
Let's turn to a fast-breaking intern update.
After Arnie decided he was too disorganized
for us to start getting organized,
he initiated me into the world of sports.
Intern Hour One.
We watched a Brazilian soccer-playoff game.
I took notes.
Yes!
But Arnie's the one who really got a kick out of it.
Intern Hour Two.
Arnie teaches me why it's important for a journalist
to know a foreign language.
Mugugai Pan, Mushulo Mane,
Subgum Town,
Darn!
Did you want some duck sauce?
I guess it's hard to write on an empty stomach.
And finally, Intern Hour Three.
Arnie had me watch highlights of the 86 World Series.
The Mets versus the Red Sox.
Watch this call. Watch this call.
You bump! You bump!
God, I love baseball.
You should have seen him cry when the Mets won again.
Meanwhile, I've been filing everything
from NCAA basketball stats
to Olympic ping pong regulations.
I'm going to get Arnie organized or else.
I just hope my dad hasn't been too hard on Sam.
Good, Sam. Good.
Now, take the T-square,
firmly butt lightly in your left hand.
Now, trace along the edge
with an authoritative yet loving stroke.
It's thrilling, isn't it?
I guess so.
What?
Well, you went too far. See, you went over the line.
Oh, sorry, Mr. Darling.
Ah, sorry, Sam. It's all right.
It's your first day. You're bound to make mistakes.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
You guys almost done?
Yep, all done.
Sam, one second.
Remember, putting our tools away is half the job.
Oh, right, Mr. Darling. I forgot.
Now, everything here has been marked
for its specific container.
Let's see.
It's always good to have your things organized.
Sure is, Mr. Darling.
Now, what are you doing out of your box?
Dad?
What would you say about an advance in my allowance?
Ferguson, I am not giving you $75 for some fancy haircut.
I only need five more dollars.
I cashed in the war bond that Aunt Dornie
gave me for my 10th birthday.
Oh, all right.
But I still say that there's nothing wrong
with staying on the barber.
Thanks.
Take one long last look at the old me,
because when I return for Monsieur Pierre's,
I will be the new me.
That's a lot to ask from a haircut.
Well, Sam, it was a good first day.
I'll see you tomorrow at 3 p.m.
Sharp? Sharp.
That's my dad. He's nothing if he's not punctual.
Yeah, so how'd it go with my dad?
Good. Fine. Really good.
Fine. What about you?
Great. I learned a whole bunch of stuff from your dad.
I mean, I never realized that refilling the lead
in a mechanical pencil was such an exact science.
Yeah, I should have warned you.
My dad can be a real stickler for details.
Hey, but in a good way.
Yeah, in a good way.
Well, um, I better get home and reheat the chow mein.
Yeah.
Aunt Dornie really enjoys his Chinese food.
See you tomorrow.
See you. Oh, well, I've signed up.
I'm in the intern business and I'm sticking with it.
What's the worst that can happen?
I can handle Sam's dad.
Sam can handle my dad.
And Sam and I are just going to have to handle each other
with kid gloves till this whole thing is over.
Clarissa! Ready to get cracking?
Great, but, um, do you ever work at the dispatch?
You know, I wouldn't mind going down there.
I know, but I've got this hang up.
I can't seem to write in a place where I'm supposed to be writing.
Oh, I get it.
Setting your own environment can be very important for a journalist.
Now, Sam tells me you're a good editor.
Here's your chance.
This is next week's column.
I need you to cut it in half with this.
Be ruthless.
But this column's about boxing.
I don't know anything about boxing.
Is everything you need to know about the sweet science?
Give it a shot and we'll compare the notes.
And hey, why don't you go home and work on that?
Home? Oh, don't you ever go to the newsroom?
Hey, no way.
Why do you think I chose sports?
See you tomorrow, Clarissa. Ciao.
Okay, ciao.
Well, this isn't exactly how I pictured the real world of journalism.
But at least I've got a real assignment.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
I just came by to set up a time with your dad for tomorrow's interning session.
Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?
Not even close.
Mr. Darling, I mean your dad,
well, he likes things just a certain way.
Way in advance.
Yeah, some people have really weird working habits.
What does that mean?
Oh, nothing.
I just think it's strange that your daddy's Chinese
take out every single day of his life
and writes all his notes on the napkins.
What's so weird about that? It's his personal style.
Well, hasn't he ever heard that too much MSG can make you crazy?
Well, there's crazy, and then there's crazy.
What does that mean?
Oh, nothing. Just that I call having a proper name
for every single one of your pencils.
A little on the weird side.
Are you talking about my dad?
Oh, does your dad do that?
Well, at least he sleeps in a bed.
Does your dad sleep?
I was beginning to think he stayed up all night
rearranging his paper clips.
I was afraid this was gonna happen.
My dad drives you crazy, but it's worse
when he drives your friends crazy.
Yeah, actually, it's kind of embarrassing.
I've given up cleaning up after him.
You know what the worst thing is?
What?
On top of everything else, I feel like I'm not a good intern.
I feel like your dad thinks I'm a dweeb.
No, he thinks you're great. He told me last night.
If anyone's a dweeb, it's me.
I can't even stack the erasers right.
Sam, my dad loves you. He just gets carried away.
Yeah, stuff is really cool.
I guess details are pretty essential for an architect.
And your dad's article is great.
He does have some pretty unusual working habits,
but I guess they work for him.
Maybe we should just go with the flow.
Yeah.
Let's stop asking what our internships can do for us
and start asking what we can do for our internships.
Uh-huh.
Very nice cut. Very nice.
Marissa.
Yeah?
Don't read over my shoulder. It makes me nervous.
Oh, sorry. Sorry.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Well, it's time then.
Time for what?
Remember that game I made you watch the other day?
The Brazilian soccer match?
This batch needs a two-paragraph blurb on it by tomorrow.
Go. Write it down.
Me? By myself? Really?
Here's a napkin.
And a pen.
Go to it.
Just start writing?
Sure.
You always say a writer's environment is important, right?
You bet.
Well, my ideal journalistic environment would be a little bit more...
well, computerized.
Do you mind if I use that?
Uh-huh.
Okay. Ready to go.
See, this way, instead of using napkins,
you can just open a file for each different thought.
What you're saying is,
I can use my computer for something besides a coaster.
Only if it works for you.
Hey, Arnie, would you mind not looking over my shoulder?
It tends to make a writer nervous.
Oh, where'd you learn that?
Oh, just something I picked up around the newsroom.
Chicken chow mein, egg rolls, lychee nuts.
I think I've got an acceptable number of food groups represented.
Your Chinese takeout consumption has gone a little out of control
since you finished your internship, Clarison.
After-school snack of champions.
How are you doing, Sam?
That sounds so familiar.
Butchery. Yeah, butchery.
That's what I'd call it.
Using any other word would be candy-coating the situation.
Ferguson, it's not really that bad.
Well, not for a Parisian lapdog.
Well, I'm sure Monsieur LeStain can fix it.
Okay, but no lollipops.
Is that today's paper?
Sure is.
It's in here! It's in here!
What is?
My article on Brazilian soccer, see?
Where's your name?
I don't get a byline, but Arnie said the editor liked my writing so much,
I might get to be a stringer.
That's wonderful.
So, how did you like your internship, Samuel?
Well, I had a blast working on the design for a comic book store.
Just think, 20, 30 years from now, we'll have interns of our own.
Hmm. I just wonder what we'll be teaching them to do.
Well, maybe we should teach them that the real world can be really... real.
Still a hand-on snack, a brand-new cartoon created by Ren and Stimpy.
Coming up right after Roundhouse stomps on some spanking new products.
That's right here on Snick, so stay tuned.
Get with the programs! Keep snicking!
I think one reason people who are different don't get along
is that they don't know how to start.
If each person learned how to say hello in a different language,
it would be a great start.
Because the best way to start a conversation is with love.
Konnichiwa.
Hola.
Merhaba.
Asalaamu alaikum.
Ciao. Shalom.
Prejudice is when you don't talk to someone
you're different.
Start with hello.
If kids like me ran the world, I'd be president.
My mom would be first mom.
My dad would be first dad.
And my little brother wouldn't get past the front gate.
I'm only six. I don't have an idea.
I'd paint my house like dunkle colors
because the lawn's going to be a park for endangered species.
And every day I'd go to the first rest stop, McDonald's,
and just hang out with my friends.
It could be my own secret service.
Except for Allie Kelsen, because she can keep a secret.
I never told anyone you liked Derek.
Uh-oh.
No!
Hey, it could happen.
Dig, dig. I'm hungry.
The earthquake, meow!
Mutant mo, what are you doing?
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark.
You're in luck.
My tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in brighter colors.
What's bright?
Just follow my nose to the bright color of Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Now I see the shine of orange, lemon, cherry, and lime.
Fruit Loops, the bright part of this nutritious breakfast.
Oh, they are bright.
Dig in.
Oh, who turned out the lights?
A few more will turn you on.
Follow your nose to a most colorful fruit taste.
They're sold separately.
Make the rest of your VLOs and flies on a pile of poop.
Losers.
Why is your name and number anyway?
I don't know.
I guess it's a trend in kids' television.
Are you going to try over here, Lady?
Nah, I don't care about that kind of stuff.
Look, the captain of the football team
who Amy secretly has a crush on,
he is so cute.
Yeah, I guess he's okay.
Open that lock or this or that.
Put it inside when you got that.
Here, leaders, wherever he goes.
Hi, ma'am.
Hi, five.
Great, great, great, that's Ben.
Hello, ma'am.
Yeah, you two, whoever you are.
Don't you remember me?
I sit behind you in biology.
Well, if you say so.
But unless you're a cheerleader,
I don't want to know you if you get my drift.
Oh, hi, Roxanne.
Ooh, drill, drill, drill.
Love that babe.
You're a shoe-in for head cheerleader this year.
And you're bound to be a major football.
That's football captain.
Correcting until you wish you could be like her?
No, why should I?
Hello, I'm Alex Perfect and this is Jealousy.
The game show where you compare your sucky life to a real one.
Let's meet our contestant, shall we?
First up is Lance, a guy so cool he leaks free on.
Followed by Roxanne, future gorgeous cheerleader.
And finally, Amy, who's just lame.
Roxanne, we're going to start with you, ma'am.
Is that Scottie?
That's so cool.
You know what?
You don't have to even answer a question.
I'm just going to give you the $200.
Lance, I'll take stuff only cool guys would know, Alex.
And the answer is person I don't know exists.
Who is the mousy girl on the end, Alex?
That's correct.
And now your turn, Annie.
That's Amy.
Whatever.
I'll take losers of the world for a dollar, Alex.
That's Mr. Perfect to you.
And the answer is the entire student body.
Who are people who hate me?
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm sure that's incorrect.
No, the correct answer is who are people with better shoes than me?
Come in.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That bell...
That bell means it's time for final jealousy.
And the final jealousy answer is something I am jealous of.
What is absolutely nothing, Alex?
That's correct.
And Roxanne, what did you write?
Uh, pairs?
That's correct as well.
And, Alice?
Um, that's Amy.
Yeah.
Like we care.
Um, what are like how some people make the cheerleading squad with high heels?
The cheerleading squad with hot even drying and get all the cute guys.
And at that time my brother got a pony for a present and I got a stick.
Okay, spare us.
Well, you know what?
I say Roxanne wins.
Join us next week on Jealousy when we'll have two kids who got whole candy bars for Halloween
and one who got a rock.
Bye-bye.
After cheerleading this Saturday, and I want you there for moral support, okay?
No way.
I don't want any part of such a stupid waste of time.
Okay.
Who built a bonfire in your booty?
Hi.
I'm the annoying kid from those encyclopedia commercials.
Ah.
Let's face it.
Encyclopedias are for braided kids who want to succeed.
But what about kids who couldn't care less?
Introducing Time No Life Storybooks for Underachievers.
Time No Life books include titles like The Ugly Duckling That Stayed That Way,
Peter Pan Handler, and Horton Doesn't Give a Hoot.
And what's that is complete without this timeless classic?
I think I can.
Forget it.
Yes.
It's the uninspiring little engine that said forget it.
It's got lots of pictures and no big words to order now.
Operators are all around somewhere.
Hello, and welcome to ESPU, the network of half-past sports for people with nothing
better to do.
We'll be right back with the Olympic single cast right after sports cliches with Roy
Tyreblown.
Tell me, what do you think contributed to the dramatic seventh game loss?
Well, the other team really came to play.
Then they gave 110%, and most importantly, they scored more points.
We take you now live to the miniature golf championship already in progress.
Well, it's been a rough day for Dave right from the start.
He wanted the blue ball, but his sister got it.
Then he dropped his snow cone on six, and yet he keeps his own score with his
stubby little pencil.
Dave Putson.
Oh, just outside the clown's mouth.
Aw, man, this reception is lousy.
And it's almost time for Australian rules, duck, duck, goose.
Hi, Dad.
Hi, honey.
Haven't I stayed at school?
No, it was awful and humiliating.
Oh, that's good.
Hey, what's that big thing Mr. Jones is putting on his roof?
What?
That jerk got himself a satellite dish.
I'm all a nerve.
Now he's going to be able to get all the pointless trashy sports I can only
dream about.
Hey, Jones, hope that thing falls through your roof and lands on the pool
table you got last year.
You're feeling bitter, too, Dad.
Yeah, we'll have some candy.
Bitter finger?
Hey, man, give me that grumpy grumpy bitter finger.
Nope.
Hey, aren't you that over-merchandised cartoon family?
Yeah, dude, but tunes can be miserable, too.
Sounds like I'd have that bitter finger.
The only candy bar that tastes as bad as I feel.
Nope.
No, that's nasty.
But why is Hummer so bitter?
You'd be bummed, too, if you're a TV death.
It's nothing but a fat, lazy ignorant...
All right, all right, that's enough.
Get your spiky yellow head out of here before I really get bitter.
Try a bitter finger today.
It'll leave a bad taste in your mouth.
It's not just going to sit around and feel bitter.
I'm going to try the chew-leading.
Oh, gross.
It's beaver and butt-face.
Steal it or bite, dude.
Yeah, yeah.
I hate the way they do the same thing over and over again.
Shut up, beaver.
Oh, we do the same thing over and over again.
Excuse me?
Dude, that's the way to garse.
Yeah.
Don't get your putt.
I'll do a sit-around on the couch.
Oh, we do a sit-around on the couch?
Yeah.
Are we part of a burgeoning movement and commentary
focusing on the modern phenomenon of social bottom-feeder?
He said bottom.
On to the bottom.
Burger King, you'll make a starling discovery.
Introducing Dino Crawlers.
Dinosaurs that crawl were just about anything.
You can collect all five, one with every kid's meal,
only at Burger King.
Where the Dino Crawlers are come to place.
You happen to be two brothers with the same name.
Nickelodeon presents the all-new Adventures of Pete and Pete at school.
On the open road, even in their own backyard.
Let's do it.
Go on the all-new Adventures of Pete and Pete every week.
Sundays at 6-5 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Me and my face looks like an episode of the Pimples Court.
The forecast for Aimee does not look good.
In the North, there's high humidity with a chance of early morning frizzing.
Over here, high pressure will bring an outbreak of volcanic eruptions.
Carry your umbrellas, folks, it could get messy.
Another four inches will fall in the bread basket,
a region which has been declared a disaster area.
And finally, things are looking a little hairy in the deep South.
Which means bubby going and definitely not a good time to wear pantyhose.
All in all, not a good day for Aimee and the five-day outlook.
More the same.
I've got to do something.
I know.
I'll go to the mall and get something new to wear.
Hanging in the mall sucks retail.
Yeah, I'm all bored and stuff.
What you kids need are new sneakers.
Man, you trippin'.
These ones I got on cost $300 in my life to steal boys.
Then you should try the sneakers designed for do-nothings like you.
Conwards, mall stars.
What's so good about these?
They're made to stand up to the stress of standing around the mall
while they're criticizing other people.
Hey, there's duty.
She's working at Tuna on a stick now.
Oh, my God.
I could never work there and wear that fish hat.
Uh-uh.
That is so beat-out.
That's why you need mall stars, patent art support.
Hey, I told you kids you can't lie to here.
Move.
Mall stars are good for something else too.
Running away from the mall security.
Come on, stop.
You know what?
I changed my mind.
I am trying out for cheerleading.
Speaking of which, here comes Roxanne and her mom.
Hey, kids.
Roxanne here tells me you're some of the has-been
she's going to be beating out for cheerleading.
Well, it's nice to meet you.
Not.
Please, mom.
Don't humiliate them.
That's my job.
Ew.
Well, we're just here to buy my baby some new shoes
to kick your brains in.
Of course, she could do it in a bare feet.
She's so talented.
It helps that you're not.
Come on, baby. Let's go.
Tasha Kabor.
And let me tell you something, darling.
You're fabulous and you know you are.
But sometimes that's not enough.
You want to tell the world your superior.
That's when you need Rick's hateful rub.
For when you're better than others
and you really want to rub it in.
With deep penetrating action for long-lasting attitude.
Rick's hateful rub revives tired, aching eagles.
At least you're looking, feeling and acting obnoxious.
All the day long.
Also look for morons, sir.
For morons.
Excuse me, miss.
Can't loiter here.
Don't talk to me like that, you pig.
Darling.
Rick's hateful rub.
If you're going to snub, give them snub.
Hey, Amy. How's it going?
That speech you gave in Civics yesterday sure was great.
Thanks, Joe.
So I heard you're going out for cheerleading.
You know I'll be out on the field.
You're on the football team?
No, the band.
Well, not exactly the band.
I don't play an instrument.
On the dot.
The dot?
Yeah, you know, when the band spells out chiefs.
I'm the dot on the I.
Me, you just stand there?
Hey, it's an important job.
If I get too close to the I, it'll look like an L.
And then we'd be called the Chless.
Was that you last year who dotted the S?
Aw, when am I going to live that one down?
There's no time like the present.
Hey, you wouldn't say that to me if I was a football player.
Maybe not. See you later.
Dot.
Aw.
Mom, you were a cheerleader.
Can you give me any pointers?
Sorry, honey. You have to grow your own.
Very funny, Mom.
Well, the main thing is how you feel about yourself.
See, if you get out there and you believe that you're the
greatest cheerleader to ever shake a pom-pom,
then you will be.
Is that how you did it?
Yes, sheer determination and belief in myself.
That and about half a box of tissue.
I didn't have pointers when I was your age either, huh?
Yeah, I can't believe this.
Bowling for snow tires is on in this TV's on the Fritz again.
Well, I'll bet you that Jones has a picture so clear
you can pick out the subtle nuances
in Chris Schenkel's nose hair.
Relax, Dad. Have a pudding pop.
Oh, pudding pops. I love these.
Excellent. Uh-oh. Here comes that annoying guy again.
Now, the thing about the thing is that you got to tell
the kids about the cola in the film
and the stuff they've made me deserve.
What?
I'm just babbling.
Hey, why didn't you can't save me any pudding pops for me?
No way. These are jealous pudding pops,
which means you have to stand there and suffer
while we analyze our taste buds.
No, you know who I am. I'm rich.
I'm famous and I have a hit show because I can go like,
oh.
The best thing about a jealous pudding pop
is you can also use them to stop people from bragging
about themselves.
Oh, you tried to say that I'm a pain in the butt.
You bet you're alive. What should we do to him now?
I say we make him watch Ghost Dad.
Oh, you...
Jealous pudding pops, available at...
I'm not telling.
Ha-ha. Look at that male cheerleader.
He's got his hand on her butt.
Yeah, he'll be ripping his pants up the middle
when he goes to squint in the air.
Wouldn't it be funny if you blew a stinky at the same time?
Yeah, that'd be cool.
I'm really getting tired of them doing the same stupid moves and stuff.
Yeah, it's so annoying the way they talk and laugh.
Yeah, yeah, they talk and laugh like us.
Yeah.
Give me a D. Give me a U. Give me an F.
What is his belt?
I don't know.
The Orange Couch will sneak again.
Touchstone Pictures presents...
Here's how a harem girl dances.
Okay, well, thank you for that.
Whatever that was.
Cabin Boy.
They'll come in.
It's the story of a boy and his love affair with the sea.
There's more on gonna wrong mode.
He never dreamed where the winds of fortune would blow him.
Where the spirit of adventure would hurl him.
Or where the hands of fate...
Come on over here, honey.
Would grab him.
These pipes are clean!
Touchstone Pictures presents...
What happened to you?
Let's just say I've finally shed my feminine side.
Chris Elliott.
So this is what you guys do for fun.
Humiliate an imbecile?
Cabin Boy.
Thank you, fellow crewmates. I'm off.
And when I return, I shall be a cabin man.
Graded PG-13.
Now playing at a theater near you, check newspaper for showtimes.
If kids like me were running the world, I'd finally have my own room.
And no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack, I'll just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever we want.
Jonathan Edward Moore.
Pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
No!
Hey, it can happen.
How does Nick get to my house every day?
What?
I'll return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
When our reception...
Hey, I just want to be near you, so sue me.
Well, as long as you're here, why don't you join us for lunch?
Well, I don't encourage them.
Oh.
I'm just going to get something to drink
and then I got to go to cheerleading tryouts.
That fridge! What are you trying to do? Cool the whole world?
Chocolate water is not enough for a growing girl.
But I don't have time to eat.
Well, that's why they're stew-hoo.
It's got the chocolate taste, kids' love,
and the meat and potatoes moms want all in one bottle.
Chalk's in there and those little carrot cubes.
Well, you like those, sweetie. Go on, give it a try, huh?
She's making me drink meat.
Mmm.
What's the potatoes and English peas
and a big swig of chocolate to wash it all down?
And stew-hoo hasn't forgotten our amigos
in the Latino community.
Now there's...
Manu-hoo!
Manu-hoo.
Mmm.
If they do good, they move us up to fries.
We're from Spice, and we out here like Kurt Gowdy.
I'm more enjoyable than I did helping a few bites.
Listen, Joe, if you want to get on my good side,
help me sabotage Roxanne into cheerleading tryouts.
I don't know.
You want to see me succeed, don't you?
Yeah, so you can have a chance with Lance, great.
Just get a stick of butter from the fridge and come with me.
Hey, butter.
These must be Roxanne's new shoes.
I started buying them the other day.
Give me the butter.
Wait a little, Miss Cinderella hits the gym floor
in these slippers.
I think you're going about this all wrong.
That's because you have a lot to learn about getting even.
That's not the way I showed you, baby.
Here, like this.
We'll work on it.
Come on.
I don't get it.
How could she keep in her feet?
What happened to you?
These new shoes, I thought if the mommas had
been real, I'd slip away.
Five, I'm so sorry.
Does this mean you didn't make the cheerleading scene?
Oh, who cares?
I got in that juicer for Cirque du Soleil.
I'm inside.
Roxanne's mom got the final spot anyway.
I guess I really blew it, huh?
Yeah.
Well, if you had spent your time practicing instead
of hating Roxanne, you probably
could have made the team by yourself.
You just wanted Lance to notice me.
Here are people who make friends easily.
He is one of those you like and to me.
Many times I've watched him and wondered why.
No matter what I do, he'll just
pass me by.
I get that sad soul-thinking feeling when I think wrong.
That if he leaves the room, girls notice he is wrong.
I can't control him.
If you go to the game with the best
dang doctor schools ever had.
Maybe.
But in the meantime, how'd you like
to come to my house for about a half an hour?
Half an hour, yeah.
Yeah, my dad needs to be a satellite
so he can watch Bieber and ButtFace.
Aw.
Reprise the same sock.
Yeah, and roll the credit.
Whenever my life gets me so down, I know I can go down.
To where the music ends up, I never end.
As long as the music keeps playing, you know I'm saying.
I know that I can find a break.
Coming up next, it's Nick News.
Then enter the weird world of mocking bird heights,
where the monsters live.
Coming up right after Nick News.
Tonight on Nick at Night.
That's a tape for a live studio audience.
Yeah, yeah.
CBS Studio Center, Hollywood.
Yeah, California.
Yeah, cool, cool.
Cool.
Good enough.
Nick is kind of like, Nick is so fun.
There's not much of a word to describe it.
Saturday night, Nick.
Nick.
Press your voucher cable, bill or pay per view.
If you're moving or afraid and we'll be happy to help you.
If you need a service call or you need a repair,
whatever you need.
Do you think something's on your friend?
This one is free.
No, I better not.
Tell you what.
Guess which hand it's in?
And it's yours.
What do you say?
I don't know.
But are we friends or what?
Come on.
OK.
Hey, it's your lucky day.
I better not.
Look, I have to go.
A friend who offers you drugs is not your friend.
Don't fall on the trap.
Don't do drugs.
Now at Burger King, you'll make a startling discovery.
Introducing Dino Crawlers.
Dinosaurs that crawl are just about anything.
You can collect all five.
One with every kid's meal, only at Burger King.
What the Dino Crawlers are coming your way.
The Burger King Kids Club.
I love this place.
Some season life would be a lot more fun.
Three colors are more fun than one.
New tricks yogurt is full of fun.
Tricks yogurt?
Three colors are more fun than one.
Three colors layers you can see.
Delicious fruity flavors.
Oh boy.
Yummy.
These fruity flavors will pick your lips.
New tricks yogurt is just for kids.
For kids.
Three colors are more fun than one.
I agree.
Even if new tricks yogurt is not for me.
New from your play.
Everybody.
Why?
What are you doing?
I am making an emanated cartoony picture, Ren.
Just like my hero.
The godfather of all animation.
The great Wilbur Cobb.
You see Ren.
All I have to do is draw the exact same picture over and over.
A thousand times per second.
And voila.
I have a cartoon.
It couldn't be simpler.
Stan.
Yes, Ren.
What did I tell you about cartoons?
They're not real.
And they'll ruin your mind.
And...
Oh yeah.
They're really only puppets.
That's absolutely correct.
Stupid.
So now that you've come to your senses about this cob foolery.
What are you going to do next?
I'm going to finish my cartoon.
Stinky old puppets.
See if I care.
But if you think that I'm going to help you.
You're barking at the wrong thing.
And there now.
Tell mama what's wrong.
I want to work on your smelly old cartoon.
Well that's great, Ren.
I'll go get you some pencils.
But you don't understand.
I can't.
I... I can't draw.
Oh, so it's like that, is it?
Come, come now.
It's okay, Ren.
Lots of people make cartoons that can't draw.
You can do something else.
Like you can write.
I can't type.
Well, um, you can...
Can you make coffee?
Can't you see?
I have no...
Valence.
Producer.
Producer?
What's that?
A producer is the guy that tells the artist what to do.
And later makes all the changes.
And then, when the cartoon's done, he takes all the credit.
And I'll take it.
Work that beat.
We're in Seattle.
Part of this complete breakfast.
You'll be next.
Yeah, who knows?
Kids like me ran the world.
I'd be president.
My mom would be first mom.
My dad would be first dad.
And my little brother wouldn't get past the front gate.
And only six.
I don't have an idea.
I'd paint my house like jungle colors.
Cause the lawn's gonna be a park for endangered species.
And every day I go to the first restaurant, McDonald's,
and just hang out with my friends.
To be in my own secret service.
Except for Allie Kelso.
Cause she can't keep a secret.
I never told anyone you liked Derek.
Uh-oh.
Hey, it could happen.
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all new scary tale on Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on Snick.
From Touchstone Pictures.
Whenever people talk about their greatest legend.
The mightiest adventurer.
And the most courageous heroes.
There's one name that never comes up.
I'm at my wits end.
I can't take it.
Chris Elliott.
Okay, Moron.
You go stand in the bow and let us know when we're coming close to ice.
Okay, I have one.
Cabin Boy.
When I return, I shall be a cabin man.
Rated PG-13.
Now playing it at theater near you.
Check newspaper for showtimes.
Go Palm Club for the vacation of a lifetime.
An all-inclusive excursion to the Bahamas.
Fly nonstop from most major cities to Nassau.
And stay at the Forte Nassau Resort Hotel
located on famous Cable Beach.
Enjoy meals, casinos, shows and more.
You'll be minutes away from duty-free shopping.
Visit Paradise Island.
Try your luck at one of the casinos
or just enjoy the relaxing surf and clear waters.
Your suite will allow you a breathtaking view of the world's best beaches.
Included in your trip, airfare, transfers,
four days and three nights at our beachfront hotel,
taxes and gratuities, starting at only $2.69 per person
and based upon travel city.
Also available is our American plan,
which includes meals, water sports and open bar.
We'll make sure you stay at the club.
We'll give you the best Bahamas has to offer.
Come to the Bahamas.
We'll treat you like royalty.
This has been a great trip.
We really love it.
Call the number shown on your screen now
to make your reservation.
All travel must be booked no later than January 15th
with these special prices.
This is a limited time TV offer
and based on space availability.
It really is.
I'm Nickelodeon.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
You're black in my sun.
Oh, it's you.
Well, what is it?
The cartoon's finished, Ren.
Would you like to see it?
Yeah, I suppose.
You know, you should get out more.
Oh, you think you're done, huh?
Oh, yes.
It came out very...
chunky.
I'll be the judge of that.
Hmm.
What?
It all looks the same.
So, what do you think?
It's a film.
Now leave me alone so I can get back to producing.
Oh, joy!
Now I can show it to my idol, Wilbur Cobb.
I will call him right now.
You're living in a dream world
if you think the great Cobble see ya.
Listen, I own this town.
Belted from scratch on a bale of wire
and blastin' caps.
Later, babe.
I got a 12 p.m. where I can't do lunch.
Thursday?
Yeah, yes.
I'll get right under it.
Well, well, girlies,
what can you do for me?
Uh, uh, here is the cartoon movie
I have brought to show you.
I hope you...
The walls have teeth.
A side challenge
have to stick together, you know.
What is it you have for me?
My, my film?
The film! The first film!
Have I ever told you how we made that film?
We spent hundreds of millions of hours
and dollars in that film,
and it was a whole bunch of crap.
A whole bunch of crap.
A lot of...
A crap?
No!
What the...
You account son of a bus driver?
Now, get this.
If you want to be a genius, it's easy.
All you gotta say is everything stinks.
Then you're never wrong.
That's how much of a genius I am.
That's how I got to where I am today.
Then we got smart.
We are not...
We will not be the janitor
of these starry-eyed amateurs.
World War I.
There I was up to my elbows in the masses.
Now don't get me wrong.
I'll eat just about anything.
As long as it's easy to swallow.
Now to make a moving picture,
you gotta have two things.
Pointers and shovels.
Oh, we made mistakes.
But I don't regret it.
No, sir.
Fortunately, everybody can't be a chief.
The chief is not only the right-hand man,
but also the left-hand man.
He is the short man.
He is the tall man.
From one man to another,
he is no man whatsoever.
Get out that shorty.
Now get this.
They either cut it or they don't got it.
But gosh darn it, I can hold my order
until the masses cry,
cheat the plate.
And I say unto them,
let the doves free.
Any questions?
Can we watch the cartoon now?
Now that's a tough one.
I'll have to think about it.
But in the meantime,
let's have a look at your film.
Roll them, Smokey.
Let's get this over with.
I mean, Explodey.
No thanks, Poopy.
Explodey, Explodey.
I'm ready for that kiss now.
I have to throw up now, Poopy.
Okay, Explodey.
I don't mind waiting.
There's nothing wrong here in Montana, Poopy.
Do you want to pick my nose, Poopy?
Okay, here's my purse.
I'll get the both of you.
Uh-oh.
You win this time, Explodey,
but I'll be back.
That was very good, Skippy.
Man like you are of dispensable value
than a future of the film making.
Keep up the good work,
and someday you'll be where I am.
Camera, action!
What is that awful snap?
It's flawed.
Did you say, log?
No, flawed.
Is it a food?
Is it a toy?
It's neither.
It's flawed.
The most perfect cube of fat ever.
It's as big as my head.
Bigger.
Made from reconstituted, fatted fat by products,
it's polyextra-saturated.
It's shimmery.
It's sparkly.
It's thin, I'll say.
Each cube of flat is crash-tested for durability,
and can withstand temperatures
in excess of 2 million degrees.
For all-around family fun,
you can't beat flawed.
Beware of imitations.
Strap it to your butt.
You can wear it as a hat.
You can show it to your dad.
You can drop it on your cat.
It's flawed.
The most fair.
Also, glow-in-the-dark flawed
for nighttime fun,
and lint-magnetic flawed.
Midnight is the best night.
That night is great.
It's really happy.
Attention, Nick viewers.
Wienerville and Doug, now at a new time.
Hello, Dottie.
Oh, yes, Wienerville.
Every weekday afternoon,
and that means more of me.
Me on Monday, me on Tuesday, me...
Doug?
Gosh, me and Pork Chop
have never been on weekday afternoons before.
What an honor to be with Looney Tunes,
Hey Dude, and everything.
Me on Thursday, me on Friday.
Well, there you have it.
Wienerville and Doug.
More of what you want
every weekday afternoon on Nick...
Sure, an adventure would hurl him.
Or wear the hands of fate.
Come on over here, honey.
Would wrap him.
These pipes are clean!
Touchstone Pictures presents...
What happened to you?
Well, let's just say
I've finally shed my feminine side.
Chris Elliott.
So this is what you guys do for fun.
Humiliate an imbecile.
Cabin Boy.
Thank you, fellow crewmates.
I'm off.
And when I return,
I shall be a cabin man.
In no sports being bigger or stronger
or faster is all it takes to win.
Well, Nickelodeon Guts is not most sports.
It goes beyond conventional measures
to pit kids against the elements,
against gravity,
against a grueling mountainside.
And in the end,
it doesn't matter if you're big or small
or if you're a boy or a girl,
it all comes down to one thing.
Do you have it?
Watch Nickelodeon Guts,
The Great Equalizer
every weekday at 5.
34, 30 Central, only on NickelGuts.
I'm sorry to say that
two of our good friends have gone.
David and Chris's families have moved.
They won't be hearing their stories anymore,
but they'll always be a part of the Midnight Society.
We'll miss them,
but that means that we have more people
and we'll be able to help them.
We'll miss them,
but that means that we have room
for two new members.
Betty Ann?
My friend Sam wants to join,
but needs time to work on initiation story.
Well, that's cool. No rush.
I've got someone I want to sponsor,
and I brought him here tonight.
He's ready.
So bring him on.
He's kind of small, isn't he?
Small. I'll show you small.
Oh, man, not a chance.
No way.
Come on, man, not your little brother.
I've got no choice.
I've either got to bring him or I can't come anymore.
You're kidding.
Hey, we're not babysitters.
You know, members got to tell stories.
If you scabs would lighten up,
maybe I could tell one.
Listen, give him a chance.
You'd really have to quit?
Yeah, yeah, I know.
This better be good,
or I'm gonna let Frank pound you.
Okay.
You guys make up ghost stories all the time,
but there are some ghost stories
that have been around for so long
that it makes you wonder if maybe,
just maybe, they might not be made up.
My story is about a famous ghost
and about a legend that's so popular,
it just won't die.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I called this story
The Tale of the Midnight Bride.
They called him the Headless Horseman.
Legend says he was a soldier
who had his head ripped off by a stray cannonball.
Night after night,
his ghost would ride through the countryside near Sleepy Hollow,
searching for a new head
and a victim to steal it from.
Then, one Halloween night,
a lonely schoolmaster named Ichabod Crane
took a wrong turn in the woods
and was chased down by the dean and ghost.
Ichabod rode like crazy to get to the Ridge of Souls.
A ridge the headless horseman could never cross,
but he didn't make it
and poor Ichabod was never seen again.
Ever since then, on Halloween night,
the ghost of the headless horseman and Ichabod Crane
returned to Sleepy Hollow to ride again.
Or so the legend says.
In Matthew's just moved to Sleepy Hollow
and was trying hard to make friends,
but like everything Ian did,
sometimes he tried a little too hard.
Heads up!
Sorry babe.
Please allow me.
Oh, thanks.
He really burns me sometimes.
Hi, I'm Ian.
I'm Katie.
Aren't we in the same leg class?
I sit by the...
Window. Yeah, we are.
What is all this stuff?
Decorations for the Halloween days tonight.
Tonight?
Hey, I'm available if you need any help.
Really? That'd be great.
No, look what he did.
Oh, is it gonna help?
If you want to help, you can get this fix, Pronto.
You know, and bring it inside, you know,
because we'll be setting up for the dance.
We know.
Hey.
She put her moves on, Katie.
Not if she wants to live.
How do you like Sleepy Hollow?
It's nice, but, you know,
kind of boring compared to the city, but it's nice.
You're from the city?
Yeah, I just moved in this summer.
Can you smell it, babe?
We're almost done.
So, are you gonna dance with me or not?
Brad, how many ways do I have to say it?
It's over.
We don't go out anymore.
Look, I'll say it when we don't go out anymore.
Good thing you've got such a hard head.
Sorry about that.
So, are you going to the dance tonight?
Why are you asking?
You stay away from her.
Unless you want to walk around toothless.
I'm sorry.
You can be really juvenile sometimes.
You can be really scary, too.
Don't let him bother you.
Are you coming tonight?
Wouldn't miss it.
Great.
Save an answer for me.
Well, this is gonna be interesting.
Great minds.
Think alike.
Hey, I, uh, I love bumping in old friends.
Come on.
Feel me deep.
I dare type the most.
Happy to pay, my lady.
He was kind of a goofy guy.
And everybody thought he was pretty funny.
Well, almost everybody.
Ian didn't know it.
But he was walking through some very dangerous territory.
Thanks.
Hey, guys, how are you doing?
Take off, geek.
Just let me just...
Don't be crazy.
But you know, I don't think you want to talk to you.
It's okay, Ian.
Excuse me?
I think you should leave her alone.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Brad, don't do this.
Put your fists down, geek.
Rather not.
Look, I don't want to fight you.
I'm gonna do you a favor.
Uh, uh, good, I think.
Brad, cut the macho stuff.
It's old.
You know the legend of Sleepy Hollow?
Uh, yeah, sort of.
Well, let me refresh your memory.
It was Halloween night.
Back in 1700, whatever.
When Ichabod Crane came to a fork in the road.
Now, he should have gone left,
but he went right.
So, instead of getting to the Bridge of Souls,
a bridge the headless horseman could never cross over,
he went deeper into the woods.
Yeah, I know.
The headless horseman threw a pumpkin and took his head.
So what?
So, it's Halloween.
And we have a tradition here in Sleepy Hollow.
When some new guy shows up, he's gotta be initiated.
Oh, please.
But what, are you gonna take my head?
Not exactly.
See, the old bridge is still there, just like in the story.
It's through the park and into the woods.
Yes, though.
So what you gotta do is go to the bridge,
get the headless horseman's pumpkin room.
Just like we all did.
Come on, Ian, you don't have to...
You're kidding, right?
You got a choice.
Go get the pumpkin.
We'll cut you some slack.
Don't get it.
You can put your fist back up.
Well, since I don't believe in ghost,
I'll take my chance with the pumpkin.
Have fun.
This isn't a tradition.
You don't have to do this.
Hey, it's okay.
You know, I'll play a little game, get it over with,
save an answer me.
Orc in the road.
Okay, goodbye.
Which way to the bridge?
You went right.
I'm going left.
Okay, guys, where's the pumpkin?
Nice touch.
Yeah, haha, Brad, I know it's you.
Give me a break.
You guys are...
Oh!
I'm going to take my hand.
Oh, man, this is going to go down in history.
Don't mess with me, you little weasel.
I'll take your head off myself.
Let's go, Katie.
I'm staying with Ian.
Would you forget this, loser?
Brad, I'm sick of your stupid games.
Why don't you just take your traveling circus, please?
I'm leaving you alone.
Hey, do whatever you want.
Just remember, it's Halloween.
And I don't think your pal here has a guts to stand up
to the real head this horseman if he shows up.
Ian, I'm really sore.
No, no, hey, I like ridicule.
I can't wait for school on Monday because, you know,
I'm going to get tons.
Listen, would you walk me home?
Tease the one thing that would make this horrible
night worth while, my lady.
Take thee, my muddy arm.
Afraid of the dark, stay in the glow of the couch
and stay tuned.
Load the young to a place where I can't stay.
When school's out, you're looking for action.
You can turn to nix-yoles every day.
In so one place, you'll get satisfaction.
Load the young.
If we just want to have fun,
we can stop kids to a big case number one.
Now at Burger King, you'll make a startling discovery.
Introducing Dino Crawlers,
dinosaurs that crawl worth just about anything.
You can collect all five,
one with every kid's meal, only at Burger King.
Where the Dino Crawlers are coming your way.
The first place.
From Walt Disney Pictures,
a young man on a spectacular adventure.
Yeah!
How to conquer a hostile wilderness.
Whoa!
Don't let go!
From taming a team of dogs.
He bit me.
What a fact to taming the wild.
Yes!
Now, he must find the courage to face the danger.
Yeah!
To fight for survival.
Not you or anyone else is going to stop me.
And to become a man.
Why is the heart of a bear?
Disney's
Woo-hoo!
Iron Will, Rated PG.
Sneak preview tomorrow.
What will Spunky eat this Sunday?
Watch Marco's Modern Life at 11.30, 10.30 Central
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Hi, I'm Christina Ricci.
R-I-C-C-I.
And this is True Stories from Famous People.
Your story from Famous People.
My brothers and sisters call me Squant.
Because when I was little, I was like three years old.
And I wanted to know about Thanksgiving.
So my mom took me to the library.
And I read about Squanto the Indian.
And about how he helped the pilgrims and everything.
And so I went home.
And I was like preaching to my brothers and sisters
about how great this person was.
And how they should all try to be like him.
And, you know, that he was just a sublime human being.
They got really sick of this little, um...
you know, this little brat telling them
about how wonderful Squanto was.
So for a while, they called me Squant P.
And then they sort of broke it down to Squant.
S-Q-U-A-N-T.
You know, I used to be really upset.
Like, when they called me Squant, I was like screaming yell.
No, it's not my name.
But now, like, my brother's like,
yo, Squant, I'm like, yeah, what?
Now, the sneaking begins again with
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I think you're really brave.
You know, Bride never would have come out here by himself.
Hey, you're shivering. Take my jacket.
No, I'm okay.
It was brave how you stood up to Bride at the dance, too.
You're right. Brave and stupid.
No, it's about time someone's deducted.
Hey, listen, you hear that?
It's a horse.
So, is Bride Ryan?
I don't think so.
I, uh, think he's better...
Good evening, children.
Oh, I didn't mean to startle you.
I'm afraid I've lost my way in these wretched woods.
Who would you be so kind as to direct me to the bridge of souls?
Uh, yeah, sure.
I'd take, uh, left at the fork.
Oh, lucky thing. I surely would have taken a right.
Thank you kindly.
Who are you?
Crane.
Take about Crane, the new schoolmaster.
Good evening.
You gotta be.
Where'd he go?
Let's get you home. Let's...
Me, too.
I mean, I'm glad I met you.
Uh, at the risk of needing dental work, I, uh...
I'd like to see you again.
Me, too.
I mean, I'd like to see you again.
I just remember my bike.
Um, I left it at the school.
Good night.
You spooking yourself, being old boy.
Oh, come on.
Brad. Brad.
I'm not buying it.
Man, this guy is good.
I forgot my stupid jacket.
Forget it. I'm out of here.
It's just me.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, thanks, you know, but I could have gotten it tomorrow.
Uh, come on. I'll ride you home.
Relax. Why are you so nervous?
You know, Brad, the bridge.
You know, that real wacky guy in that costume.
No, let's just pretend that I'm in a silver hat.
Ian?
It's it. I've had it.
Enough's enough, Brad. All right?
She doesn't like you anymore.
You want to fight, we'll fight.
We'd stop with the stupid games.
Say what?
Matt!
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow just stopped being a legend.
Look, it's your brother, pal.
Trick my head!
Katie, to think him out of the world, this is no joke.
It's the hellers' horsemen.
I thought he's supposed to be after Ikebaugh Crane.
Except we told Ikebaugh how to get to the bridge.
We changed this story. Now it's after us.
There's only one thing we can do.
What?
We've got to play the story out.
We've got to get to the bridge. You can't cross it.
Oh, no, do you think I'm going to...
I think we lost him.
Yeah, you never think we'd be stupid enough to come back here.
There. You can't get both of us.
All distract him. You run for the bridge.
He'll get you!
You got a better idea?
Yeah, all distract him.
No! Come and get me!
This letter works both ways.
Yes, not.
And I thought this place was boring.
What?
We set the story straight.
Wonderful.
Your children should not be out so late.
And on Halloween to boot.
They say these woods are haunted, you know.
Why are you coming back?
Oh, I'm afraid I've totally lost my way.
I think it best to go back to the fork
and take the right path. That would set things straight.
Yeah, I think it probably will.
Take care.
Beware of the headless horseman.
Happy Halloween!
The end.
Well?
You'll do.
Excellent.
Out of my face.
Yes!
Nice going, bro. Welcome to the Midnight Society.
He put out the fire. I'm going to catch up.
I hope I'm not going to regret this.
He was a kid with a dark secret.
Your parents are Russian spies.
Stalked by a ruthless killer.
A renegade Soviet agent named Scuba.
He will keep killing our agents until we give him money.
Caught in a deadly game.
He'll kill you! He'll kill anybody!
With no place to hide.
Come in, Nikita.
And only one man can stop him.
Sydney Poitier, River Phoenix.
Little Nikita, Saturday, January 29th at 9 p.m.
on the Family Channel Movie of the Month.
Here's how a harem girl dances.
Touchstone Pictures presents...
Okay, well, thank you for that.
...a motion picture that's so big...
They were...
...so hot...
These pipes are clean!
...so manly.
It's sure to be an all-time plus.
Perhaps.
Chris Elliott.
You've been like the drunken, abusive grandfather I never had.
Cabin Boy.
I'm at my wits' end.
I can't stand you.
Rated AG-13.
Now playing at a theater near you.